Lama (#1561)
huggingface/datasets: datasets/lama/README.md

configs for each of "google_re", "trex", "conceptnet" and "squad",
respectively.

The dataset includes some cleanup, and addition of a masked sentence
and assocaited answers for the [MASK] token. The accuracy in
predicting the [MASK] token shows how well the language model knows
facts and common sense information. The [MASK] tokens are only for the
"object" slots.

This version of the dataset includes "negated" sentences as well as
the masked sentence. Also, certain of the config includes "template"
and "template_negated" fields of the form "[X] some text [Y]", where
[X] and [Y] are the subject and object slots respectively of certain
relations.

See the paper for more details.  For more information, also see:
https://github.com/facebookresearch/LAMA

### Languages
en

## Dataset Structure

### Data Instances

The trex config has the following fields:

``
{
	'uuid': ...,
	'obj_uri': ...,
	'obj_label': ...,
	'sub_uri': ...,
	'sub_label': ...,
	'predicate_id': ...,
	'sub_surface': ...
	'obj_surface': ...
	'masked_sentence': ...
	'template': ...
	'template_negated': ...
	'label': ...
	'description': ...
	'type': ...

> }

Reviewer: Here we expect actual samples from the dataset.
You can get one by using `load_dataset` and taking the first sample `dataset["train"][0]` for example.

If the sample is too long in you opinion feel free to truncate it and mention that it was truncated

Author: done

* uuid: the id
* obj_uri: a uri for the object slot
* obj_label: a label for the object slot
* sub_uri: a uri for the subject slot
* sub_label: a label for the subject slot
* predicate_id: the predicate/relationship
* sub_surface: the surface text for the subject
* obj_surface: The surface text for the object. This is the word that should be predicted by the [MASK] token.
* masked_sentence: The masked sentence used to probe, with the object word replaced with [MASK]
* template: A pattern of text for extracting the relationship, object and subject of the form "[X] some text [Y]", where [X] and [Y] are the subject and object slots respectively. 
* template_negated: Same as above, except the [Y] is not the object.
* label: the label for the relationship/predicate
* description': a description of the relationship/predicate
* type: a type id for the relationship/predicate

The conceptnet config has the following fields:
* uuid: the id
* sub: the subject
* obj: the object to be predicted.
* pred: the predicate/relationship
* obj_label: the object label
* masked_sentence: The masked sentence used to probe, with the object word replaced with [MASK]

> * negated: same as above, except [MASK] should predict something that is not the object word.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* negated: same as above, except [MASK] should is replaced by something that is not the object word.

```

Author: done

The squad config has the following fields:
* id: the id
* sub_label: the subject label
* obj_label: the object label that is being predicted
* masked_sentence: The masked sentence used to probe, with the object word replaced with [MASK]
* negated: same as above, except [MASK] should predict something that is not the object word.

The google_re config has the following fields:

* uuid: the id
* pred: the predicate
* sub: the subject
* obj: the object
* evidences: flattened json string that provides evidence for predicate. parse this json string to get more 'snippet' information.
* judgments: data about judgments
* sub_q: unknown
* sub_label: label for the subject
* sub_aliases: unknown
* obj_w: unknown
* obj_label: label for the object
* obj_aliases: unknown
* masked_sentence: The masked sentence used to probe, with the object word replaced with [MASK]
* template: A pattern of text for extracting the relationship, object and subject of the form "[X] some text [Y]", where [X] and [Y] are the subject and object slots respectively. 
* template_negated: Same as above, except the [Y] is not the object.

> 

Reviewer: Can you also mention which fields have missing values that are replace with empty strings ?

Author: done

### Data Splits

There are no data splits.

## Dataset Creation

### Curation Rationale

This dataset was gathered and created to probe what language models understand.

### Source Data

#### Initial Data Collection and Normalization

See the reaserch paper and website for more detail. The dataset was
created gathered from various other datasets with cleanups for probing.

#### Who are the source language producers?

The LAMA authors and the original authors of the various configs.

### Annotations

#### Annotation process

Human annotations under the original datasets (conceptnet), and various machine annotations.

#### Who are the annotators?

Human annotations and machine annotations.

### Personal and Sensitive Information

Unkown, but likely names of famous people.

## Considerations for Using the Data

### Social Impact of Dataset

The goal for the work is to probe the understanding of language models.

### Discussion of Biases

> Since the data is from human annotators, there is likely to be baises. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the data is from human annotators, there is likely to be baises. 

[More Information Needed]
```

I'd add [More Information Needed] here

Author: one
